## General

Time: 4:00p.m. via Discord

Date: 2020/11/17

## Attendees
### Group 2
* Pucheng Tan
* Tara Epp 
* Cameron Mcleod - Secretary
* Abdul Salawu - Chair
* Sarah Chen

### Instructors and TAs
* Kawser Nafi

## Agenda

1. Demo on progress so far for feedback
3. Video Presentation(27th) - who can edit a video and basic plan for the presentation.

Q. how many people have to speak for presentation?

## Outcomes

Showing progress

Authentication - pretty much finished - just a few bugs

Feedback: all good

Typing challenge

feedback: Make the font bigger, colours more clear

For presentation:

Everyone needs to present

After  Ta left

Fixed git issues: git stash, git reset, git push push â€”force

Pucheng -has an onscreen keyboard, with a few issues,
- May need a refactor because the code is really long
- Button presses are not appearing on the screen


## Action Items


## Next Meeting
Chair: Tara

Secretary: Sarah

Date: 2020/11/19
Time: 4:00p.m. via Discord

## Meeting Adjourned 